How did your search for accommodation go ? If you are staying in a dormitory, please let us know the price/quality ratio. Do not hesitate to attach photos.

Finding a place to stay was actually the hardest part. Its pretty hard to get something close to the university if you start looking late.
There are only few residence arround the campus and they are all full really fast...

On compus : (Cheapest)
    university tower / lakeview : https://housing.fiu.edu/

Off campus residence : (between 700/1300$ monthly if I remember right)
    109Tower : https://www.109tower.com/
    The One : https://www.theoneatuc.com/
    4th Street commons : https://4thstreetcommons.com/
I would recommand to call them, before sending the application and paying the fees, to know if there are still room available (up to 200$)

Off campus other (My case) :
    Due to covid and late VISA I started looking for a place really late so everything was full.
    So I had to look for rooms arround the campus.
    In my case I pay arround 1000$ monthly for a room in a house with everything included.

    If you going for this option I would recommend trying to find a place located east to the university, since you would be closer to the beach :)

 
Regarding the procedures for your residence permit / or visa extension (if you needed one), did you have any assistance from the international relations team of your University once you arrived? 

In order to fill in the residence application you need a number from the VISA.


On average, what is your monthly budget for transportation/outings and hobbies/food?

For the food, there are plenty of restaurant at FIU or near. I m usually going to the buffet for 10$. But for sure some place are cheaper.
Miami got lot of bus going everywhere and FIU is deserved by differents bus line, bus ticket are 2.25$ or student card for arround 60$ per months.
FIU to miami beach is arround 30$ in uber and 30min. In bus arround 1h30. :(


Have you been able to take advantage of activities offered to international students by the international relations team of your University (student association, Erasmus outings, etc)? Do not hesitate to attach photos.

Since I m not living on the campus I m usually doing my thing by myself.
But there are plenty of associations at the univerzity and event every time.


Pedagogical point: regarding the courses, is there any student facing difficulties ? If so, was he/she able to discuss the issue with local professors ? Do you have any comments on a particular course ?

No difficulties yet.
But every professor are always ready to help after the classes or by mail.
I took class "MAD 2104", which is a math class. I wouldn t recommend it if you haven t done math before.
  

Why would you advise a tech3 to choose this destination and University ?

Miami is a cool city.
To discover the American culture. Improve in english / Spanish if u want (like everybody speak spanish lel)
University is huge, meet lot of new ppl from all over the world (over 50k students)
Idk how it will be next year but they have a lot of differents courses in every areas.


And why wouldn't you recommend this partner University ?

So far classes are pretty easy.
If you don t want to have your EIP meeting at 8am or 3am LOL.
If you re scared of storm, this place is not for you :)