Since I'm the only EPPITECH student at FIU everything said will be from my experience.
I will try to do a list of usefull tips/tricks.


• Is there any information that you would have like to have before arriving to your destination ?

Nothing that really matter.


• Did you, or any other Epitech student, had any issues at their arrival to the host country/university?

No. Getting everything (bank acc, US num, FIU card etc...) is super easy.


• Did you have a useful orientation week/day? - Were all your questions answered? Did you meet the international team of your host university? Did all the Epitech students go to the planned events ?

FIU is doing couple a ZOOM meetings 1/2 months prior the start of the terms. Someone from FIU is explainning every administrative details (VISA sevif etc...). Students can ask their questions if they still got some.
There is also an orientation week with a lot of events on the campus.
I went to couple of events but not all of them since there are a lot.


• How did the course enrolment take place? – Please give us details about the format (face to face, online, etc.), any difficulties, tips from the next students.

The course enrolment, and most of the administrative details can be done from the FIU website / app.
I got helped a lot by Mrs Natalie Del Sol, since I had bit of trouble to choose courses.
In order to sign in for any courses you need to have every administrative details done.


• Are you courses mixed with other local and international students?

Yes. But most of the students on my courses are American.


• Are the courses more theorical or practical? – how is the level compared to the courses at Epitech?

Every courses I m registered in are working that way : 
	2 lecture classes, the teacher explain and answer questions.
	Assigment due every week.
	Mid terms exam.
	Final exam.

I couldn't sign in for harder courses so, so far the programing courses are easier than EPITECH by quite a bit.
I m also doing a math course which is the hardest course I have, level Math Sup (France)


• Are there any students facing any difficulties?

Not yet LOL.
